Minutes of Meetings
-------------------

#### Minutes of Meeting held on (12/11)
- Venue: GSR 517
- Members Present (with roles): 김도혁 (Team leader), 김희곤 (Planning leader), 정인교 (Quality Assurance leader), 홍기재, 조성원, 정유철
- Agenda: Final wrap-up planning
- Time : Sunday 22:30 ~ 23:30  
  
- Meeting notes:

### What To Do

* Check if we cover every usecases(black box testing)
* Coverage should be met at least 80% instruction/branch
* Check test data for demo
* Add transaction log for the new use case
* Check transaction logs are generated as we expected

The last assigned pairs are given 2~3 UCs to check coverage and fix bugs

* 김도혁, 정인교: UC 39, UC 88, Our Use case
* 홍기재, 조성원: UC 89, UC 91
* 정유철, 김희곤: UC 41, UC 90, UC 92

### Final Report

We need to check JavaDoc comments for every methods. Should meet all conditions in [Final Demo Conditions](http://141.223.163.190/kmbae/CSED332-2016-project/blob/master/demo4.md#final-code-submission)

Importance of Tasks

1. Black Box Testing
2. Coverage
3. Bug(If found, solve immediately)
4. Comment Checking
5. Removing Unused codes
